I'm really pissed off.
I don't even know my grandfather
Why do you want me to marry that Du Chen?
Actually, Du Chen is not as bad as you think
I think he's pretty good
Sometimes voluntarily
We are sisters, why are you still defending him?
Hmm, I don't care.
I'm not going to marry him anyway
I want to divorce him
Yo, isn't this the lady next door?
Who are you?
Qin Yongcheng Du Feiyun
Qingyao, let's go
Yang Zimen has no
You two are not allowed to go anywhere today
Ah!
Hey let me go
What to take
Let me go
What are you doing?
Du Chen
Your woman is now in my hands
If you want to save her
In exchange for company shares
You let me go
Do you hear me?
If you don't come
I will enjoy your woman
Hahahaha
You are courting death
What's wrong, Du Chen?
This is the first time I've seen you post such a big whistle
Company shares follow me